what is up guys my name is Matt or MC
sports doc and today I'm going to show
you guys all the effective uses or most
of the effective uses of the QED as you
can see right here I hit the QED right
there and I'm gonna throw it and what
it's gonna do is what it usually does is
that bursting kills all the zombies near
it the first time I do it here it gives
me a death machine as the powerup and
once I start to use the death machine I
even get more power-ups right away I get
two more I get the fire sale and a nuke
so right there you could take out three
effective power-ups right off from
throwing the QED as well as killing that
whole package Ami's which is very
effective
so the QED can be extremely helpful as
you can see right there now I'm gonna
keep playing and I'm gonna continue to
throw my other key to QE DS and we know
a couple things in QED does one thing it
obviously kills them that big pack
sometimes it also gives you power ups
like you saw before right here my screen
went blank a little bit I'm sorry about
that but we also know that it does
different things that I've seen that I
haven't actually had on footage yet so I
want to bring that to you guys but right
now you can see that I thought the QED
again here a minute and I actually get
nothing but killing the zombies like it
normally does sometimes I just saw it
today I want to try to get this on video
for you guys you throw the QED and it
actually a red perc bottle comes up it's
called an inverted perc or an invert
perc so what happens is if this dom bees
get to that perk or that powerup they
take your perk instead of you getting an
extra perk they take your perk now I
have never seen a perk bottle being
dropped in any case some people said you
could hike to max ammo for a perk shop I
have not seen it yet all I've seen is
fire sales when you hack that I know you
can have the other power-ups and get to
any other powerup to get to a max ammo
if it's something else
so that's an effective use of the hacker
but I've never seen anywhere where you
can get perk bottles except we still
think you can get maybe you can get a
perk bottle from the QED if you don't
get it straight up maybe you can fill
the QED get the inverted perk bottle and
then hack that inverted perk bottle to
get a regular perk bottle we don't know
if you guys know let me know I'm gonna
keep trying to get video for you guys to
prove it and if you know any other Cuse
uses for the QED excuses the pool band
accuses if you know any other ideas or
any things the QED gives you please
leave a comment below be sure to LIKE
the video guys and I'll catch you next
time
peace